## Math 5620 Materials

The contents for the course are the following.

## Course Syllabus

[Course Syllabus](https://www.github.com/jvkoebbe/math5620/syllabus/syllabus):
This is a pdf file that contains a current incarnation of the syllabus for the
course as taught at Utah State University.

## Introduction to the Course

This course presents content related to basic scientific computing problems.
Students are asked to (1) implement algorithms from a basic numerical methods
course (e.g, Newton's method for finding roots), (2) use techniques from
calculus, linear algebra, and differential equations to do basic analysis of
errors (e.g, Taylor series expansion), and (3) build shared libraries based on
the code written (e.g, archives on Linux or DLLs on Windows), (4) document the
work done in a software manual, and (5) implement efficient versions of
algorithms using parallel programming techniques (e.g, OpenMP and OpenACC).

## Table of Contents

[Course Syllabus](https://jvkoebbe.github.io/math5620/README):
[Course Contents](https://jvkoebbe.github.io/math5620/README): This is a
Markdown (.md) file that contains a the table of contents for the course.

## Software Manual Description and Template

One project students have been asked to do in Math 5620 is to create a software
manual for the codes that are written by the semester. The software manual
project requires students include well written, concise descriptions of the
algorithms and codes developed throughout the course. Students can use github to
easily create the software manual with a template (see the link below) to create
a consistent looking description. Students are encouraged to organize the
software manual so that codes written to solve a similar or the same problem
should be located together (e.g, the Bisection method and Newton's method for
finding roots of a nonlinear function of a single variable). Students are asked
to build all routines including routines to compute errors, do basic linear
algebra operations, and other basic routines that are needed in support of the
main algorithms presented in the course.

The links below will take you to a software manual template in in a Markdown
file for use by students in Math 5620.

[Software Manual Template](https://jvkoebbe.github.io/math4610/softwareManual/softwareManualTemplate)

## Tasksheet Table of Contents

[Homework Assignments](https://jvkoebbe.github.io/math5620/tasksheets/md/toc_tasksheets)
